[zh] update access-cluster-api.md (#26939)
kubernetes/website: content/zh/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/access-cluster-api.md

#### Go 客户端  {#go-client}

<!--

> * To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-<kubernetes-version-number>` See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go/releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/cli    ent-go/releases) to see which versions are supported.

Reviewer: the second link has typo

#### Java 客户端    {#java-client}

<!--

> To install the [Java Client](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/java), simply execute :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the [Java Client](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/java), run:
```

Reviewer 2: Sync with the latest English version

Author: Thanks
